So let's learn about classification. Here's the plan.
I'm going to tell you just enough so that you can put together
a very simple but very important type of classifier called a logistic classifier.
With that, you'll be able to run through the first assignment,
which will have you download and preprocess some images for classification,
and then run an actual logistic classifier on that data.
Once you've connected the bit of math
that's coming up and the code in that first assignment,
everything else will just be building up from there.
We will be building together all of deep learning on top of this piece, block by block.